welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
perfect blue
mima kirago a member of a mildly
successful j-pop group
named chum decides to leave the group to
become a full-time
actress she is joined by her longtime
manager and former pop idol rumi hadaka
and her agent tadokoro nima's first job
is a minor role in a television
detective drama called
double bind some of her fans are upset
by her change in career and persona from
a squeaky clean and innocent teen girl
including a terrifying looking male
stalker who goes by the alias
me mania mima receives an anonymous fax
calling her a traitor
and even a letter bomb that injures
toddokuro
following directions from a fan letter
mima discovers a website called
mima's room containing public diary
entries written from her perspective
and which accurately discuss her daily
life and thoughts in intimate and
exacting detail
mima confides in rumi about the site but
is advised to ignore it
todokoro lobbies the producers of double
bind
and succeeds in securing mima a larger
part
however this involves her character
being raped in a strip club
rumi is distressed by the scene and
warns mima that it will irreversibly
change her public image
but mima accepts the role despite her
own misgivings
though it is apparent that mima tries
her best and is treated professionally
the atmosphere and experience of filming
the rape scene as traumatic
between the ongoing stresses of filming
double bind
her lingering regret over leaving chum
her paranoia of being stalked
and her increasing obsession with mima's
room mima begins to suffer from
psychosis
in particular struggling to distinguish
real life from her work in show business
several people who had been involved in
the so-called
tarnishing of mima's reputation are
murdered
mima finds evidence which makes her
appear to be the prime suspect
and her mental instability makes her
doubt her own memories and
innocence mima manages to finish
shooting double bind
the final scene of which reveals that
her character killed and assumed the
identity of her beloved sister due to
trauma-induced dissociative identity
disorder
after the rest of the filming staff have
left the studio
me mania attempts to kill her under
emailed instructions from
the real mema to eliminate the impostor
but mima knocks him unconscious with a
hammer in self-defense and flees
me mania is murdered soon afterwards
tadokoro was also killed
[Music]
mima is found backstage by roomie and
taken back to rumi's home
only to discover that roomie was the
culprit behind
mima's room the serial murders and the
foley
ader that manipulated and scapegoated me
mania
sometime in the past roomie developed a
second personality who vicariously
believed herself to be the
real mima her pure-hearted and forever
young idol persona
using information from mima's confiding
in her as the basis for
nima's room roomies nema
personality attempts to murder mima to
preserve
her pristine image forever and following
a chase through the city
mima incapacitates roomie in
self-defense and saves her from being
killed by an oncoming truck
much later mima has become a well-known
actress
following the critical success of her
performance in double bind
she visits roomie who is alive but lives
in a psychiatric hospital with her
nema personality dominant
due to her fame mima is mistaken as a
lookalike by two nurses
however mima confidentially proclaims to
herself that she is
the real thing in the japanese version
this final line is delivered in rumi's
voice
in the english dub it is delivered in
mima's voice
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you